## Using irccd test

When you are developing a new plugin, you may want to try every events but
sometimes, you are not allowed to do some actions. For instance you may
not kick someone or change the topic.

Also, it's not very nice to flood a server by multiple connections and
disconnections.

To get rid of these issues, *irccd* provides a test sub command that allow
simulating some IRC events (not all are yet supported). For example, you
may test the event **onConnect** by doing the following command:

	irccd test myscript.lua onConnect

This will find the script named *myscript.lua* in the current directory and
execute it just like if **onConnect** has been really called.

### The test syntax

The test subcommand is quite easy, it takes the arguments in the same order
as the function takes, the only exception is that you don't need to provide
a server (because it's not connected), a fake server will be provided for you.

<br />
<strong>Note: the deferred server functions are not available yet.</strong>
<br />
<br />

**Usage examples**:

	irccd test myscript.lua onConnect

	irccd test myscript.lua onMessage #staff markand "Hello world!"

Note that I've discarded the server argument. Also, if you want to check the
list of available commands, try <code>irccd test</code> without any arguments.

If you want to get examples about commands, you can also try
<code>irccd test help cmd</code> where *cmd* is one of the available.
<br />
<br />

Previous @{2-Plugin-creation.md} | Next @{3-Events.md}

<!--- vim: set syntax=mkd: -->
